Well, Charlie, here we are in our
hotel room, and we're not on vacation.
Confused? Well, get comfortable,
because it's a doozy.
( Pounds )
Charlie, get out of the bathroom!
Charlie: In a minute!
Hey. Come on, guys. Huh?
Not so bad. Kind of an adventure.
- Oh, save it.
- Be quiet! Shut up.
Come on. I'm just trying
to make the best of it.
- Because you caused it.
- Not totally my fault.
- Then whose fault was it?
- I'll get back to you on that.
Ugh. Teddy, I need a hand.
So how we got here is
kind of a long story.
Let's just say this is the worst
day in Duncan family history.
- Amy: Teddy, now!
- I'm coming!
( Sighs )
To be continued.
( Softly ) Oh. You hear that, Toby?
It's called quiet.
Enjoy it while you can, because
in this house it doesn't last long.
- Gabe: Mom!
- Hmm? Told you.
- Why is Toby's crib in my room?
- Because you two are sharing a room now.
- We talked about this.
- No, we didn't.
We didn't? Oh, well, Toby and
I talked, and he's fine with it.
I... I can't share a room with a baby.
I'm a teenager now. I need my own space.
Well, I'm sorry, honey, but
we only have so many rooms.
Besides, you love Toby.
This isn't about love. This
is about square footage.
Well, if it makes it any easier,
Toby's about the same age you
were when you moved in with P.J.
Yeah, but with me and P.J., the
little brother was in charge.
That ain't happening with us.
Oh... aren't you adorable?
Stop that, Gabe! Stay strong.
( Theme music playing )
♪Today's all burnt toast
running late and dad jokes.
♪"Has anybody seen my left shoe?"
♪I close my eyes, take a bite
grab a ride, laugh out loud.
♪There it is up on the roof.
♪I've been there, I survived.
♪So just take my advice.
♪Hang in there, baby things are crazy.
♪But I know your future's bright.
♪Hang in there,
baby, there's no maybe.
♪Everything turns out all right.
♪Sure life is up and down.
♪But trust me, it comes back around.
♪You're gonna love
who you turn out to be.
♪Hang in there, baby.
Oh, hey, P.J. you are a good cook.
Could you taste this and
tell me what you think?
Sure.
( Clears throat )
Um...
What is it?
Well, that's not a good question.
It's New England clam chowder.
Ah. Well, I'm not getting any chowder...
Or clams.
Or even England.
It is new, though.
Oh man!
I wanted to make Spencer a
special welcome-home lunch.
He was visiting BIPA.
BIPA, the Boston Institute
of Performing Arts.
- He's hoping to go there next Fall.
- ( Doorbell rings )
There he is. Hey, um, do you
think you could rescue this?
- No problem.
- Thank you.
Step one.
Oh! I'm so glad you're home.
- So how was BIPA?
- Supa.
It's how they say "super" in Boston.
I know. Hey, you wanna hear how they
say, "go park your car in Harvard Yard"?
"Pahk your cah in hahvahd yahd".
( Laughs ) Supa.
( Laughs ) Mine's better.
So hey, how was it?
Oh my gosh, the school is amazing.
- I mean, I loved it.
- That's awesome.
So when do you find out if you got in?
I already found out.
They accepted me.
Way to go, boyfriend!
♪ Oh yeah, uh-huh.
Why am I the only one
doing a happy dance?
Well, because... because
there's one other thing.
Um, they want me to
start a little early.
Well, like how early?
Monday.
- What?
- Yeah, it's called early enrollment.
They have a space available and if I
want it, I have to take it right now.
But you haven't finished high school.
Yeah, I know, but I already
have enough credits to graduate.
Wow.
This is...
Hey, Teddy...
I haven't made my decision yet. I
mean, I wanted to talk to you first.
What do you think?
I don't know. I'm just kind of in shock.
- Yeah, me too.
- ( Footsteps )
Who's ready for some delicious
New England chicken noodle chowder?
Denver Omelet?
Guys, guys, I had an
unbelievable day at work.
Wait until I tell you what happened.
Oh, I think I hear Toby.
- Baby's right there.
- ( Coos )
- Oh, then I think I hear Charlie.
- Charlie's at a play date.
( Whispers ) I'm trying to get out
of a bug story, work with me here.
Okay. So I'm doing a routine
spray job over at the Andersons'...
They have a monthly maintenance package,
so that means I go every other Tuesday.
So the first Tuesday is perimeter,
the second Tuesday's interior.
- I think I hear the doorbell.
- Oh no, you don't.
Anyway, long story short...
- I captured these bad boys.
- Ugh.
Huh?
Brazilian termites.
Very rare, very destructive and they've
never been found in North America...
Until now.
Well, if they're so destructive, why
would you bring them into our house?
Our wooden house?
Honey, I'm not an idiot.
This container... termite-proof.
- Are you sure?
- I am sure.
Besides, it's only
gonna be for one night.
Tomorrow I'm taking 'em to
the University of Denver.
( Laughs ) This could land me
in the exterminator hall of fame.
Bob honey, that doesn't exist.
Honey, yes, it does. It's in Detroit.
Used to be in Cleveland,
but they had to move it.
Rat problem.
So I know that it's a great opportunity,
but if Spencer leaves
now, I'm gonna be so sad.
We have so many plans
for the rest of the year.
When I get a boyfriend, we're
gonna make bunch of plans too.
Maybe you should make a
plan to get a boyfriend.
Maybe you should make a plan
not to tell me to make a plan.
Volleyball friends, huh?
Well, one problem at a time.
So Spencer asked me what
I thought he should do...
And I don't know what to tell him.
I think if you're lucky
enough to get a boyfriend,
you should never ever let him go...
Even if you have to lock him in
the basement and not tell anybody.
So...
Of course I don't want Spencer to go,
but I also don't want to be
the one to keep him from going.
Oh man. I wish I had some
experience with these things,
but for some reason boys
find me weird and off-putting.
Not just boys, sweetie.
Kelsey, what do you think?
I think whatever happens
is gonna be great.
But if Spencer goes, then
Teddy will be crushed.
- You make a good point.
- And if he doesn't go,
- he might be miserable.
- That's a good point, too.
So what are you saying?
That I agree with everybody.
But you can't agree with everybody.
You are absolutely right.
You just did it again!
Okay, I've made my decision.
- What is it?
- I need some new friends.
My little Deedee just loves
playing with your little Charlie.
Oh.
Although, last time she asked me,
"why does Charlie have a boy's name?"
And I didn't know what to tell her.
Hey, honey. How's your play date going?
- Eh.
- Mmm.
Follow up question: Where's Deedee?
In jail.
Final question: What
does "jail" mean exactly?
Uh, well, it means,
we'd better go check.
Mmm.
( Gasps ) Oh, my.
- Oh. Oh, Deedee.
- ( Amy laughs )
- Not funny.
- Oh, sorry.
- Oh.
- Yeah, you guys go play.
Maybe we should just stay in
here with the girls for a while.
- Sounds like a good idea.
- Okay, sure.
Well, at least this will
make a good post for my blog.
Uh, you have a blog?
I call it "Mama Debbie's Daily Doing's".
( Laughs ) Oh my.
Oh, you're serious.
You betcha.
I post recipes, offer helpful hints...
Share fun things Doug
Dooley and I do together.
Just passing along some of the things
I've learned about motherhood and such.
Wow, and you've based this on your
vast experience with one child?
And one on the way for a total of two.
Oh. I have a total of five.
It's not a competition.
( Seriously ) It wasn't.
- What are you doing down here?
- Toby kept me up all night.
Ah. It's called payback.
When you were a baby, you used
to make my life miserable, too.
I will never forget the night I woke
up in your crib and you were in my bed.
I still have no idea how you did that.
Well, me and Toby sharing
a room is not gonna work.
Something has to be done... now.
Oh! Are you gonna do something bad?
Because that'd be great...
- For me.
- What are you talking about?
Well, I have to break some
difficult news to mom and dad,
and they're not gonna be happy.
So I was thinking maybe
if you got in trouble,
I could sneak my news in and
kind of piggyback on your badness.
Well, what's the news?
Oh, it's nothing.
You know, I'd get it out of
you, but I am way too tired.
So what do you think?
You gonna be getting
into trouble anytime soon?
I don't know. It's different.
I'm a teenager now.
Well, what kind of attitude is that?
That is quitter talk.
Brazilian termites.
This is the most exciting thing
since I discovered those
Ukrainian grub worms in '06.
Excuse me, I discovered those.
No, I was in the crawl space.
You were in the port-a-john.
Fine. Here.
Feast your eyes on
those little beauties.
I don't see 'em.
- Well, they're in there.
- Are you sure?
All I see are two little holes.
Holes?!
Oh no.
No no no! They ate right
through the plastic!
Oh, this is bad. This is really bad.
Okay, look, we gotta wipe 'em
out before they multiply...
More importantly, before Amy finds out.
Well, we could tent the place.
Hey, there you go.
She'll never notice a giant
gas-filled tarp covering the house.
Well, then what are we gonna do?
I've got an idea.
To the bug mobile!
I love when he does that.
Hey, sweetie, can you go get me
the jail? Mommy needs to do laundry.
- Okay.
- Thank you, sweetie.
Hi, Charlie. Hey, mom.
- Hey, sweetie.
- What you doing?
Working on my mommy blog.
Mommy blog? That doesn't sound like you.
I am gonna kick Debbie Dooley's butt.
That sounds like you.
The only problem is I'm having
trouble coming up with topics.
What kind of stuff
does Debbie post about?
- Recipes...
- Ooh, so that's out.
She also writes about fun stuff she
does with her husband, so that's out too.
Hey, where is Gabe? He's
always up to something?
Well, here's hoping.
I mean for you and your blog.
Not for me. ( Scoffs )
Why would I need him to do anything bad?
Coming!
- Hey.
- Hi.
- So listen, I...
- So, Teddy, I...
- You first.
- Okay, um...
I'm just gonna come out and say it.
I think you should go to Boston.
Oh.
Because I was kinda
leaning towards not going.
- Why?
- I just don't think I can leave you.
Oh, Spence, but BIPA
is your dream school.
It's the best music
program in the country
and you know if you don't
grab this opportunity,
you're gonna regret it
for the rest of your life.
Yeah, but it's not the
only college out there.
I mean, I could stay here and audition for
the Denver Institute of Performing Arts.
- DIPA?
- Yeah.
DIPA's not as good as BIPA.
Oh yeah? You know who went to DIPA?
- Kelly Ripa.
- Ripa went to DIPA?
No, I just wanted to hear you say that.
Hey, you know you have to do this.
Yeah, but what about us?
Well, there will still be an
us, just a long-distance us.
- You really think we can make that work?
- Hey, nothing is far away anymore.
We can... we can text.
We can talk on the
phone. We can video chat.
We can email.
Oh, and the great part is
that when I smell funny...
You won't have a clue.
- Hey, you never smell funny.
- I know.
It's gonna be okay,
sweetie. We can do this.
Yeah, of course we can.
So when do you have to leave?
Well...
Tomorrow.
Okay.
Then come here.
Until tomorrow, I'm
not gonna let you go.
Me neither.
( Grunts )
Hey, it's kinda cold out
here. You wanna go inside?
Sure.
( Shuffling footsteps )
Okay, my hungry little ants...
Today's special is Brazilian.
Bon Appetit.
- Dad?
- Ow!
- P.J.!
- Why are you releasing ants in the house?
Uh, because...
I'm training.
Uh, I'm uh, letting the ants go
now so I can catch 'em again later.
All the exterminators do it.
Dad, do you think it's fair to
say I'm not the brightest Duncan?
It... it's more than fair, son.
So if I'm not buying this
story, who do you think will?
( Sighs )
All right, look, um...
Those Brazilian termites
that I brought home?
- Mm hmm.
- They got out, so I brought in some ants,
because the ants will eat the
termites. See? So it's gonna be fine.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Why don't you just tent the house?
Because I don't want
your mom to find out.
Because if mom found out, that'd be bad.
That would be very bad.
But she's not gonna find out.
Right, right.
Uh, but when she does,
could you let me know?
- Why?
- Just because.
( Scoffs )
It's not like I have something to hide.
Coming!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hello?
- Gabe: It's open!
- What is this?
- It's my new room.
No, it's not.
Then what's my bed doing here?
Gabe, you are not taking
over the living room.
It's not the living room.
It's the fireplace area.
Oh yeah, that makes
me feel better Gabe...
With fire in his room.
Now pack it up!
That's what I get for
answering the curtain.
It's so good to see your face.
I know it's only been a few
days, but I miss you so much.
Oh, I miss you too.
And I'm sorry we haven't been
able to talk very much it's just...
With orientation and everything...
It's okay. I get it.
Amy: Teddy, can you
give me a hand with Toby?
Be right back.
- ( Yawns ) Morning, honey.
- Hello.
- Spencer: Hey, Mr. Duncan.
- Oh!
Spencer? What are you
doing on the computer?
Oh, just video-chatting.
Hey, how about that?
You see the butt scratch?
Yes, Sir.
I had an itch.
Oh no, I completely
understand. It's just...
Well, after the scratch
you picked up an apple.
Then you put it back.
Well, yeah, I just...
I realized I was in the mood for cereal.
Not really the point.
- Okay, I'm back. ( Chuckles )
- See you.
Finally, we're all alone.
Hello.
Except for Charlie.
- Hi, Charlie.
- How did he get in there?
Charlie, Spencer's not
really in the computer.
He's in Boston.
- Can you see me?
- I sure can.
I just can't see your sister.
Yeah, just chilling
in my new room, dude.
Yeah, I'm loving it.
( Washer chugging )
Um, I'm gonna need to call you back.
No, the spin cycle just started.
This might be a problem.
- Hi.
Just thought I'd pop over and tell you,
- I saw your blog.
- Oh.
And I especially enjoyed your
first post, "that darn Carlie".
So important to proofread.
Oh. Well uh, thank you.
And next time you have any helpful
suggestions, don't come over.
Yeah. Just feel free to put
it in my comments section.
Oh, that's thoughtful.
Mm-hmm. Well, I always enjoy
telling you where to put things.
Mmm. Since I'm here now,
let me give you a few tips.
I call them "Debbie
Dooley's dos and don'ts".
Do use spell-check.
Don't not use spell-check.
Do know that my blog will always
be more popular than yours.
Don't think it won't.
Okay.
That's great. That's great.
Though, you know, I have some
helpful hints myself. Yeah.
( Mockingly ) Do go back
to where you came from.
Don't bother me again.
So how's the long-distance
relationship going?
Not good. You know, we both
have such different schedules,
we barely had any time to talk.
Told you you should've
locked him in the basement.
I know it's only been three
days, but I miss him so much.
I just wish I could see him.
So why don't you?
Fly all the way to Boston by myself?
My mom and dad would
never let me do that.
Unless they didn't know about it.
You could just tell them that you're
spending the weekend at my house.
- Ooh.
- Mm hmm.
That's good. I like that.
So this weekend, we'll be at...
"Your house".
♪ Yeah, sleepover at Ivy's!
It's not really happening.
Yeah, it's not really happening.
( Whispers ) I'll
bring the popcorn balls.
Oh, this is nice.
( Garage door rattling )
( Vehicle approaches )
( Engine stops ) ( Door opens )
- Hey, Gabe.
- You left the lights on, dad.
They turn off by themselves.
( Clicks )
See?
( Gabe sighs )
( Alarm blaring ) Ah!
Dad!
( Shouting ) Yeah, been
having some trouble with that!
- ( Alarm continues )
- Well, good night!
( Door closes )
Okay, mom. Well, I'm off
to Ivy's for the weekend.
Whoa. That's a pretty big
suitcase you got there.
Oh, Ivy and I are doing
makeovers. We're, uh... you...
You know us girls.
Oh, well, before you go,
come check out my blog.
Oh, you have a blog.
- "Half a dozen Duncans".
- Catchy, huh?
"The adventures of Amy Duncan,
a mama bird whose nest is
bursting with six crazy chickies".
Mom, you only have five kids.
I made one up.
Skippy.
- Skippy Duncan.
- Mmm.
Skippy Marie Duncan.
She's eight.
You are an interesting woman, mom.
Thank you. Thank you.
And oh my goodness,
this Skippy is a handful.
Last night because she was afraid of the
dark, she set off a bunch of fireworks.
Boy, did that cause a ruckus. ( Laughs )
A very interesting woman.
What happened? Did mom and dad kick you
out because you did something horrible?
Please say yes.
Dude, I didn't do anything.
This is my new room.
Gabe, you can't live on the porch.
- Why not?
- Well, for one thing, there's no light.
Porch light.
There's no running water.
Hose.
What about a bathroom?
Hello. ( Laughs )
You've got it all figured out, huh?
Been so busy with your new room
you forgot to get in
trouble for your big brother.
What are you so afraid
to tell mom and dad?
Can't say. It's bad.
Oh, come on, it can't be that
bad. Just tell me what it is.
Okay, but you have to
promise not to tell anybody.
I promise.
( Sighs )
All right. Here goes.
I dropped out of college.
What?!
Oh man, mom and dad are gonna kill you!
You just said it wasn't even that bad.
I didn't know what it was!
Wait. Why'd you quit college?
Because it's just...
it's just not for me.
And there's something else I wanna do.
Well, you'd better do it quick,
- because mom and dad are gonna kill you!
- You said that already!
( Sighs )
Well, when are you gonna tell 'em?
I don't know.
Soon, probably.
There's a chance dad might
be in some hot water with mom.
I'm gonna wait and
see how that plays out.
Hey, can I use your bathroom?
- Yeah, sure, go ahead.
- Cool.
- Oh, hey, hon.
- Hey, sweetie.
Look, babe, there's sandwich fixins
over there if you're interested.
Oh!
That sounds...
Guh!
"Guh"? What does that mean?
Nothing.
What are you doing?
Just stretching.
Before you eat?
It's pretty important.
So what's bringing you to Boston?
Well, hopefully this plane.
( Both laugh )
No, actually, I'm gonna
go visit my boyfriend.
We're in a long-distance relationship.
Ah. Well, you're sitting
next to the right guy.
I travel for a living
and I've got tons of tips.
First off, don't travel for a living.
( Laughs )
Seriously now, you're always gonna
have to have one of these things handy.
Well, it looks very comfortable.
Ah! ( Bag rustles )
I always carry a spare.
Thanks. ( Chuckles )
Hungry?
Uh, I guess. What do you got?
Waldorf salad.
Well, if that's all you got.
Fresh ground pepper?
Don't mind if I do.
By the way, I'm Herb Pickier.
Oh, Teddy Duncan. Nice to meet you.
Tell me, Teddy, do you have any
need for high-pressure gas flanges?
Um, not at the moment.
Oh. Well, take my card, anyway.
You never know.
I pretty much know, but thank you.
So how long you gonna be in Boston?
Oh, just for the weekend. I'm
gonna surprise my boyfriend.
- Oh.
- I can't wait to see the look on his face.
I'm going to Denver to
surprise my girlfriend.
I can't wait to see the look on her face.
( Violin music playing )
( Knocks on door )
It's open.
Surprise!
Oh wow.
This is crazy.
But I don't know who you are.
Ahem, um, is Spencer here?
He's in Denver. He went
to surprise his girlfriend.
I'm his girlfriend. I
came here to surprise him.
Well, that was exciting for a second.
( Sighs )
( Cellphone rings )
Teddy. You're never
gonna guess where I am.
- Denver?
- Huh. I thought that would be harder.
Yeah, well, guess where I am.
Boston!
- What?
- Well, I guess we both had the same idea.
Surprise!
Oh gosh, this is terrible. We're
not gonna be able to see each other.
Yes, we are. Okay, you stay right there.
I'll just take the first flight back.
Well, I mean I'm already
at your front door.
- I might as well say hi to your parents.
- ( Doorbell rings )
Don't. No no, what are you doing?
They don't know that I'm out here.
- Well, I just rang the bell.
- Just... move!
( Stammers )
Son, that is what we
call "ding-dong ditch".
Hey, Charlie, wanna play a game?
Okay, so I'm thinking of a number,
and if you guess it, you get to
have Toby move into your room.
Nice try.
Hey P.J., you wanna play a game?
Still trying to find a bedroom, huh?
Yeah, and I've tried everywhere...
The living room, the
basement, the front porch.
I assume you've ruled
out the attic. Ugh!
- The what?
- The attic. Ugh!
We have an attic?
Yeah. It's upstairs.
Yeah yeah, that'd be the place for it.
Wait. Why didn't I know we had an attic?
You didn't know we had
a tree house either.
You gotta start looking up.
Huh.
See? Ugh!
It's not "ugh!" It's...
"Hey!"
( Sighs )
- Teddy!
- Herb. Hi.
Hey, how was your day in Boston?
( Sighs ) Not so good.
Pillow me.
Thanks. So...
My boyfriend decided to surprise
me and flew out to Denver.
Oh, the old double surprise gone bad.
I could sing a few bars of that one.
But you're not going to, right?
No no, they frown upon that
during the safety announcement.
It's just that by the time I get back,
Spencer I will barely
have any time together.
All long-distance
relationships are brutal.
You try to make 'em work.
You email, you text, you video chat...
Then one night you decide you'd rather
watch a "Battlestar Galactica" Marathon
and suddenly you're the bad guy.
I'm pretty sure that won't happen to me.
Stay away from the first
season. It's addictive.
Good to know.
All I'm trying to say
is there's no substitute
for being in the same place together,
and anyone who thinks otherwise
is just kidding themselves.
Oh, except for you and your boyfriend.
You kids'll be fine.
( P.A. chimes )
This is the Captain speaking.
Just wanna let you know
that there's some weather
over the Ohio valley,
so we're gonna be a
little delayed tonight...
Three, four hours tops.
Wha... well, here's a thought:
( Emphatically ) Fly around Ohio.
( Sighs )
Well, looks like we're
gonna be here for a while.
Mini quiche?
- Hey, mom.
- Hey, P.J.
P.J.'s voice: Okay, she's
sitting right there. Just...
Get it over with and tell her
you dropped out of college.
If you hold it in one
more second, you'll go...
Ooh, grapes!
When did we get those?
Mom must've gone to the store.
But she doesn't always wash them.
Did I just eat an unwashed grape?
What am I doing in the kitchen?
Oh, right.
Mom?
- There's something I gotta tell ya.
- ( Phone rings )
( Beeps )
Hello.
Yeah, hold on.
Uh, somebody from "Good Morning,
Denver" wants to talk to you.
"Good Morning, Denver"? The TV show?
Yeah.
I think I have a minute.
Hello.
( Clears throat )
This is she.
Uh-huh.
I... I think I could arrange something.
Oh, very good.
Yes, thank you for calling.
( Beeps )
( Screams, whooping )
What's going on?
( Inhales deeply )
I'm gonna be on TV!
Wow, that's great, mom.
They loved my mommy blog and they
want me to do a segment on the show!
And if it all goes well, be a regular.
- They said that?
- No, but they will!
After I'm on TV.
Well, I think that's all the ant traps.
Okay. Well, by now the
ants have done their job
- and the termites are gone.
- Sure hope so.
Come on, 2,000 ants
against two termites?
I think I likes me my odds.
- ( Cracks )
- Oh!
Oh no, I... it's termites!
Dozens of 'em!
How did they multiply so fast?
Well, they are in the Duncan house.
Kind of a "when in Rome" situation?
Ah. We're gonna have to tent the house.
What am I gonna tell Amy?
You could tell her the truth.
Or...
- A vacation?
- Yes.
Honey, you work so hard, you do so
much around here you deserve a vacation.
Well, okay. That sounds
great. When were you thinking?
8:00 A.M. Tuesday to 8:00 A.M. Thursday.
48 hours of fun!
Just you, me, the kids
and the perishables.
Bob, Bob, I can't do that.
I'm gonna be on TV
Tuesday morning, remember?
Oh, right. Um...
Okay, no problem. We'll
leave right after you're done.
Okay, sounds great.
Hey, why are we taking the perishables?
Because...
We...
Coming!
( Doorbell rings )
- Finally.
- Oh there's my girl.
Hey, what time did
you get in last night?
4:00 A.M. I am so sorry.
The plane got delayed, quiches went
cold, Herb only brought one side salad...
It was a complete disaster.
Herb?
Yeah, you'll probably meet
him on the flight back.
But the important thing
is that we're together now.
Well, for an hour.
What?
Yeah, I have to catch a
plane. I've got class tomorrow.
Well, great. So I have to wait
until spring break to see you again?
Oh. Gosh.
My parents are coming to
Boston for spring break.
So we have one hour
together in five months?
Well, we can find a couple of
weekends to visit each other.
No, Spence, I can't.
My parents don't even know that I took
this trip, I can't lie to them again.
Well, what are we gonna do?
I don't know. I didn't know
it was gonna be this hard.
Yeah, me neither.
I just can't spend all
my time missing you.
I'm gonna drive myself crazy.
Yeah, I feel the same way.
What do we do?
Well, I mean, there's
nothing we can do, except...
I don't wanna say it. ( Sniffles )
Yeah, I don't wanna say it either.
I love you.
Oh, I love you too.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Why you so sad?
Oh, um...
Well because we're saying
goodbye, Charlie, and...
It's a very hard thing to do.
Then say, "hello".
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe that's easier.
Hello, Teddy.
Hello, Spencer.
Ah!
Home sweet home.
( Footsteps )
Oh! ( Sighs ) Gabriel
Duncan, what is going on?
This is my new room.
I didn't think you knew about the attic.
Well, the word gets around.
It took 13 years, but it got around.
( Sighs )
Honey, you cannot turn the
attic into your bedroom.
( Gasps )
You can't, but maybe I can.
What?
Well, I've been looking for something
to talk about on TV tomorrow,
and this is perfect!
My house was too small,
but I had a brainstorm.
You had a brainstorm?
Well, it sure wasn't Skippy.
( Laughs ) No no no.
( P.J., high-pitched )
Hi, Teddy, remember me?
Not now, P.J.
Oh, I don't know any P.J.
I'm Socky the sock puppet.
Yeah, I remember.
When you were little and feeling
sad, I used to cheer you up.
And that's what I'm here to do now.
Let's turn that frown upside down!
I don't think I can.
Better let me handle this, Socky.
( High-pitched ) Okay.
( Normal voice ) I know it hurts, but
trust me, this is the hardest part.
( Crying ) I just miss him so much.
It's gonna get better.
I know because I've been through this.
Remember when Skyler moved away?
I thought my world was over but,
somehow I managed to move on.
You will too.
Well, I just...
I don't want it to be over.
Maybe it isn't.
What do you mean?
Maybe someday, when
the timing's right...
You and Spence will be together again.
( High-pitched )
Uh-oh, lint ball.
( Coughs )
( Laughs )
Hey, there it is.
There's that smile.
Oh, Socky.
When did my big brother
get to be so wise?
- When he dropped out of college.
- You did what?!
( Normal voice ) I don't
know what he's talking about.
How you feeling, sweetie?
You doing okay?
I'm good, mommy.
Oh, honey, I was talking to Teddy.
No, I'm okay, mom.
But don't worry about me.
Today is your big day.
Hey, mommy's gonna be on TV.
Yeah yeah.
Teddy, look, if you ever need to talk.
- You know I'm here for you.
- Thanks.
Teddy's voice: Go ahead, tell her.
Tell her you lied about the
sleepover and went to Boston.
Now's the perfect time.
She's in a good mood and...
Ooh! Grapes.
( Amy gasps )
Yes yes, much better.
Much better. Been wanting to
get rid of that door for years.
It really opens the space up.
Bob, what is going on? Why
do things keep breaking?
Honey, things break.
Happens all the time.
The real question...
Is "why weren't things breaking before?"
( Mouths )
Thanks, Phil. And now let's say
hello to mommy blogger Amy Duncan.
Good morning, Amy. Good morning, Jan.
And Good Morning, Denver.
So what are you going to
talk to us about today, Amy?
Problem-solving, Jan.
When your nest is as
full as this mama bird's,
you're always finding
ways to make more room.
All of my loyal readers know
that my youngest daughter Charlie,
shares a room with her sister Skippy.
- Who?
- Shh!
And that Skippy is quite
a handful, isn't she?
Oh, don't get me started, Jan.
Anyway...
Now that baby Toby needs his own room,
I have to find someplace
to put my teenage boy, Gabe.
And believe me, we tried everywhere...
The living room, the
basement, even the front porch.
And then it hit me...
Why not clear out the attic and convert
it into a really cool loft space?
Well, that's exactly what I did.
It was a lot of hard
work, but as I always say,
a mama bird's job is to
build the perfect nest.
Could you hold this, Jan?
( Wood cracking )
( Crashes )
( Gasps )
Let's kick it back to the studio, Jan.
No no no, I think we'll
keep it right here.
What just happened, Amy?
Good question. Bob?
Um, okay.
Uh, you know those termites
I brought home the other day?
They kinda got out.
You let termites eat our house?
- I dropped out of college.
- What?!
And I went to Boston
without your permission.
- What?!
- Wow!
Mama bird, it looks like
your nest is falling apart...
In more ways than one.
What do you have to say?
Amy's voice: This whole
thing is a disaster.
Might as well tell her
that Skippy's a lie too.
Just go ahead. Just do it.
And now for the weather.
The skies are...
Sunny and clear.
Back to you, Phil.
Okay, you guys, come on.
Come on, let's go. Shake a leg.
I finally get my own room
and now we have to move out.
It's just for a couple of nights.
We're gonna get the house checked
out, make sure everything's safe...
Take care of the termite problem.
I thought that was implied.
And then we are gonna move back in and
everything's gonna be back to normal.
What do you mean, "normal"?
- P.J. dropped out of college.
- Teddy went to Boston.
- Dad brought termites in the house.
- Well, Gabe...
- What did you do?
- Nothing.
As usual, I'm the good one.
Bob, this family is
completely falling apart.
No, it isn't.
Look, guys, I dropped out
of college for a reason.
I want to go to culinary school.
I'm good at cooking, I'm passionate
about it and I look good in the hat.
Okay, well, I feel better
now that you have a plan.
Yeah, well, as for you,
young lady, you are grounded.
You're gonna be spending
a lotta time in your room.
I don't have a room.
Well, we're gonna find you a
room and I'm gonna put you in it.
All right. Come on, guys, let's go.
- Can you...
- Yeah.
Thank you. ( Sighs )
Okay, house, see you
in a couple of days.
( Wood creaks )
Or longer.
Hi, Charlie, I'm back. Um, where was I?
Oh, right... worst day ever.
So the whole house was eaten by termites
and we don't have a place to live.
Ugh. Yeah, it's a disaster.
Well, not for you. You
have your own apartment.
Oh yeah. That makes me feel better.
See ya.
- ( Door opens, closes )
- ( Scoffs )
Well, the rest of us have no idea
where we'll end up, but
I'm sure we'll be fine.
But just in case, wish
us good luck, Charlie.
- He was visiting BIPA.
- Whapa?
BIPA, the bostotin...
Bostotin... sorry.
Okay, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good.
- Whapa?
- BIPA, the bostonin...
BIPA, the Boston instit... ( Laughs )
- Whapa?
- ( Coughing )
It's all going so well.
Hey, sweetie.
Oh, there's some sandwich fictions if...
- I can't say that word.
- Man: Go back to one.
I'm from the South. I should
be able to say "fixins".
Well, for one thing, there's no light.
Porch light.
No.
- Porch light's right here.
- It's right there.
Ivy: So how's the long-distance
relationship going?
- Not go...
- ( Motorcycles passing )
There's, like, a motorcycle
gang going by the set right now.
I don't know I'm just kinda in shock.
Yeah, me too.
Who's ready for some delicious
New England chicken noodle chowder?
Shoulder bread?
Sync & corrections by P2Pfiend.
www.Addic7ed.Com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org